Clean up Addons & Flyout menu docs (#11706)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/flyout-menu.rst

Customizing the flyout menu
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In your dashboard, you can configure flyout menu options in :guilabel:`Settings > Addons > Flyout Menu`.

Version sorting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The primary customization currently is the ability to sort versions.
You can sort by:

.. TODO: Define how these work better..

> * :guilabel:`SemVer` - **Default**. As defined by semver.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`SemVer (Read the Docs)` - **Default**. Read the Docs custom implementation of semver.org.
```

It's important to mention it's a custom implementation, since it supports `v` prefix for example. Also, the name has "Read the Docs" between brackets on purpose because of this.
